I bid 110 million
The ancestor of my Qi family has been victorious for fifteen years
legend
Only this precious father's endless tomb can be completely and completely
If I bring back the wise ancestor
The seat of the family is mine
I'll see who dares to rob me
The old man raised the price 100 million 20 million
100 million 30,015
Matters related to the lives of all people
Two little friends, why don't you give them to me?
It's about my family
Wood I aspire to reach
What are you crazy girls robbing?
I don't have to tell you that.
But I'm going to order this wood.
For the sake of family status
I can do anything
Du Laoming
Think of your grandson Li Meng in kindergarten
You pissed me off.
I can't let you do any business
Hmph boy, you have to dare to hit my grandson
Then I'll show you
How did I get my unique name?
It rushed towards someone who dared to threaten me like this
Still eating sand in the Sahara
You'd better think about it.
My last bid 200 million
Who dares to bid higher than me?
I will destroy this piece of wood
I can't get it.
None of you will get it.
Propose you don't go too far
I played hard today
What's up?
Since this piece of wood has caused so much controversy
Then I declare the auction a cow auction
After the auction is over
Make a decision
I agree with the master, I have a wrist
Let him spit out the Luofeng Utopu
Chen Meixuan
And don't think you pulled out a piece of Rottweiler.
You can turn against the wind
Now you don't have a penny for the auction.
You can't take the dragon and stick
What's so hard about that?
Since all three want it
Then I'll satisfy everyone
You, you mean one point and three points.
That's not enough.
Lao Tzu does not distinguish
I want 9 fucking yuan
Want to break the game
Unless you bring out a new sycamore
But this kind of heaven and earth warranty
Is it a small farmer like you?
Can have
You can have a piece
It's already smoking from your ancestral grave
If you still have me, I will kneel down for you
I will give you the dragon crown with both hands.